Add description for setting access token via environment variable (#9426)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/ballerina-central/publish-packages-to-ballerina-central.md

    [central]
    accesstoken="<token>"
    ```

>     If you are working in a context where it is not possible to save the `Settings.toml` file (e.g., within a CI/CD pipeline) you can set the access token via environment variables by assigning it to `BALLERINA_CENTRAL_ACCESS_TOKEN`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    If you are working in a context where it is not possible to save the `Settings.toml` file (e.g., within a CI/CD pipeline) you can set the access token via the `BALLERINA_CENTRAL_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variable.
```
